Update Game Instructions (#2)
LaloCo/reviewing-a-pull-request: README.md

You can play the game at: https://githubschool.github.io/github-games/

### Instructions for playing the game

1. Press the space bar to begin.

> 2. Use the up and down arrow keys to rotate the shape.

Reviewer: The down arrow doesn't seem to do this, it just speeds up the shape.
```suggestion
2. Use the up arrow key to rotate the shape. Use the down arrow key to speed the shape.
```

3. Use the left and right arrow keys to position the shape.
4. The goal is to create complete rows with no empty spaces.
5. When completed, the rows will disappear.
6. To pause the game, just press the space bar again.

> >> _*SUPPORTED BROWSERS*: Chrome, Firefox, Safari, Opera and IE9+_

Reviewer: Cool
